
REQUIRED FIELDS:

  "name"      -- name of the theme.  This must be unique.

SUGGESTED FIELDS:

  "author"    -- name of the theme's author.  This field is currently not used,
	      	     but is helpful to anyone inspecting the file.
  "version"   -- version of this theme.  Also currently not used.

  "override"  -- specifies the theme to use for values not found in this theme.
                 if a theme does not specify all possible fields, it must
                 override a theme which specifies the missing fields.  It is
                 suggested to always override the 'default' theme, which will
                 specify all required fields.

OTHER FIELDS:

  "colors"    -- an object describing the colors of various parts of a
                 notification, in the format [ r, g, b, a].  If this field is
                 present, it must contain all of the below fields:  
                   "background"
                   "body"
                   "title"
                   "shadow-urgency-0"
                   "shadow-urgency-0"
                   "shadow-urgency-0"

  "body_font" -- an object describing the attributes of the font used for the
                 body text of the notification.  If this field is present,
                 it must contain all of the below fields:
                   "family"
                   "size"
                   "stretch"
                   "style"
                   "variant"
                   "weight"

  "title_font"-- an object describing the attributes of the font used for the
                 headline text of the notification.  If this field is present,
                 it must contain all of the below fields:
                   "family"
                   "size"
                   "stretch"
                   "style"
                   "variant"
                   "weight"

  "force_location" -- if true, ignore the location specified by the
                      notification's sender, and instead use the theme's
                      default location.

  "location"      -- a list specifying the notification's location, in the 
                     format [gravity, "x_location_calc", "y_location_calc"].
                     The following may be used in the location calculations:
                       screen_x, screen_y -- the (X,Y) values of the screen's
                                             top left coordinate.
                       screen_w, screen_h -- the width and height of the screen
                                             such that the bottom right corner
                                             is located at (X+W,Y+H)
                       win_w, win_h       -- the width and height of the 
                                             notification window

  "click_through" -- if true, the window will not interact with the user, 
                     and any mouse clicks on the window will be passed through
                     to the window below.

  "corner_radius" -- the size of the arc to use as the corner of the
                     notification's rounded window.

  "min_width"    -- the minimum width of the notification.  If it would be 
                    smaller, it is padded to this width.

  "max_width"    -- the maximum width of the notification.  If it would be 
                    larger, it is shrunk to this width and the height grows
                    instead.

  "min_height"   -- the minimum height of the notification.  If it would be 
                    smaller, it is padded to this height.

  "shadow_width" -- the width of the shadow drawn outside the notification
                    in the padding area.

  "shadow_blur"  -- the radius of the gaussian blur used to blur the shadow.

  "text_spacing" -- the spacing between text elements as well as the image
                    in the notification.

  "image_size"   -- the size to scale the notification image to, if an image
                    is supplied.

  "padding"      -- size of the transparent area outside the notification;
                    this area is used for the shadow and it's blur.

